# JCLocalizedString

by Jesse Collis

  * [Visit JCMultimedia.com.au][2]
  * [Follow @sirjec on Twitter][3]

## Overview

  The standard `NSLocalizedString` macros provided in `UIBundle.h` are bound to your application's language very early in your app's lifecycle. You may have an app that would benefic from it's own internal run time language selection. `JCLocalizedString` aims to provide the same default behaviour as and compatibility as `NSLocalizedStirng` while adding additional features like runtime language selection and custom bundles.
  
  I'm very passionate about doing this localisation thing well; I recently did a presentation at [Melbourne Cocoaheads][4] on how I think you should use `NSLocalizedString` to make localising your app much much easier.
  
  Check the [JCLocalizedPreso][5] notes here on [github][5] while the video is being edited.

  JCLocalizedString is in very early stages so comments and pull requests are appreciated!

## Usage

* TODO;

### Licence

The code is copyright (c) 2012, Jesse Collis <jesse@jcmultimedia.com.au>.
All rights reserved.

* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
 documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND 
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

[1]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/ "Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License"
[2]: http://jcmultimedia.com.au/ "JC Multimedia Design"
[3]: http://twitter.com/sirjec/ "@sirjec on Twitter"
[4]: http://www.melbournecocoaheads.com/ "Melbourne Cocoaheads"
[5]: https://github.com/jessedc/JCLocalizedStringPreso/ "LocalizedString Presentation, Melbourne Cocoaheads, August 2012"